Oh
[Music]
I saw a friend today it had been a while
we forgot each other's name but it
didn't matter cuz deep inside feelings
still remain the same imagine going back
and watching a tape of your life you
could see yourself change and make
mistakes and grow up you could watch
yourself fall in love
watch yourself become a husband
become a father you guys gave that to me
and that's an amazing gift hey jim
remember flonkerton when you did office
someone fix it was awesome thanks Phil I
still have my medal from that do you
even have a mattress no but I still have
my medal
Oscar Oscar I think I'm gay
why do you say that it's just that I'm
so emotional Mikey no button
maybe the reason key other faces that I
know
have that same familiar blue I think I
must have known them somewhere once be
fooled how did you do it how did you
capture what it was really like how we
felt and how we made each other laugh
and how we got through the day how did
you do it also how do cameras work every
day when I came into work all I wanted
to do was leave so why in the world does
it feel so hard to leave right now
it all seems so very arbitrary I applied
for a job at this company because they
were hiring
I took a desk at the back because it was
empty but no matter how you get there or
where you end up human beings have this
miraculous gift to make that place
[Music]
let's do this
I just feel lucky that I got a chance to
share my crummy story with anyone out
there who thinks are the only one to
take a dump in a paper shredder and not
alone sister let's get a beer sometime
[Music]
I'm happy that this was all filmed so I
can remember everyone and what we did I
work for a paper company all these years
and never wrote anything down I sold
paper at this company for 12 years my
job was to speak to clients on the phone
about quantities and types of copier
paper even if I didn't love every minute
of it everything I have I owe to this
job
this stupid wonderful boring
amazing job I thought it was weird when
you picked us to make a documentary but
all in all I think an ordinary paper
company like Dunder Mifflin was a great
subject for a documentary there's a lot
of beauty and ordinary things isn't that
kind of the point
[Music]